the name of the Father and of the son of
the Holy Spirit amen
ah psyllium channa stannum our hope is
in the name of the Lord who made heaven
and earth most gracious Virgin Mary
thou who would crush the head of the
serpent protect us from the Vengeance of
the evil one we offer our prayers
supplications sufferings and good works
to thee so that thou may purify them
sanctify them and present them to thy
son as a perfect offering may this
offering be given so that the demons
that influence was seek to influence the
members of the auxilium Christian NorAm
do not know the source of the exposure
and blindness
blind them so that they know not all
good works
blind them so that they know not on whom
to take vengeance blind them so that
they may receive the just sentence for
their works cover us with a precious
blood of thy son so that we may enjoy
the protection which flows from his
passion and death we ask this to the
same Christ our Lord amen
saying Michael prior Saint Michael the
Archangel protect defend us in battle
protect us against their snares and
wickedness of the devil may God rebuke
him we humbly pray and do thou Prince of
the heavenly host by the power of God
thrust into hell Satan and all the evil
spirits who how about the world sick in
the rooms of souls Amen angel of God my
guardian dear
to whom God's love commits you here ever
this day be at my side you lighten God
to rule and guide our Father who art in
heaven hallowed be thy name thy kingdom
come thy will be done on earth as it is
in heaven give us this day our daily
bread and forgive us our trespasses as
we forgive those who trespass against us
and lead us not into temptation but
deliver us from evil amen
hail Mary full grace the Lord is with
thee blessed art thou amongst women and
blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus
Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us
sinners now and at the hour of our death
amen glory be to the Father and to the
Son and to the Holy Spirit amen
litany of the most precious blood of our
Lord Jesus Christ
lord have mercy Christ have mercy lord
have mercy
Christ Kiera's Christ graciously hear us
God the Father of heaven have mercy on
us God the Son redeem of the world have
mercy on us God the Holy Spirit have
mercy on us Holy Trinity one God have
mercy on us a lot of rice only begotten
son of the Eternal Father who save us a
blood of Christ incarnate water for God
save us blood of Christ of the new and
eternal custom
save us blood of Christ falling upon the
earth in the agony save us blood of
Christ shed for fusing in the scourging
save us blood of Christ flowing forth in
the crowning of thorns save us blood of
Christ pour out on the cross save us
blood of Christ price of our salvation
save us blood of Christ without there's
no forgiveness
save us blood of Christ Eucharistic
drink and refreshment of all souls save
us blood of Christ stream of Mercy save
us
blood of Christ victory over demons save
us blood of Christ courage of martyrs
save us blood of Christ strength of
confessors save us blood of Christ
bringing forth virgins save us blood of
Christ help of those in peril
save us blood of Christ relieved of the
burden save us blood of Christ solace
and sorrow save us blood of Christ hope
of the impenitent save us blood of
Christ consolation of the dying save us
blood of Christ peace and tenderness of
Hearts save us blood of Christ pledge of
eternal life
save us blood of Christ free souls from
purgatory save us blood of Christ most
worthy of all glory and honour save us
Lamb of God you text away the sins of
the world
spares all Lord Lamb of God who takes
away the sins of the world graciously
here is our Lord
Lamb of God who takes away the sins of
the world have mercy on us
thou has redeemed us with by blood Oh
Lord and made us and made of us a
kingdom before God for all God let us
pray
almighty and everlasting God thou hast
appointed by only begotten son to be the
Redeemer of the world and has been
pleased to be reconciled unto us by his
blood
Brenner's will be 60 so to ventilate
with some worship the price of our
salvation that the power thereof may
here on earth keep us from all things
hurtful the fruit of the same make lad
in us forever here an athlete had
- the same Christ our Lord amen